they say having a baby is the greatest
gift of all this is the moment an
abandoned baby was handed over to an
unsuspecting childless couple it does
bark calamari
I was really shocked at first I couldn't
believe we were being given this baby
girl I was extremely happy
we weren't complete this baby has made
our house at home 500 people make up
this live studio audience for a marathon
7 our Ramadan special program Christmas
miss Santa Claus with edge or support
gift the Nikoli out there who can get
Christmas there's Santa Claus to give
everyone gifts it's important for
Christians for us Ramadan is a really
special time so it's really important to
make people happy and reward them so
then would you call yourself the Santa
Claus of Islam then you met anaconda
licking you kidding me oh I wouldn't say
that myself but I think it's a good
concept to give gifts to people it's not
good to take but to give described as a
religious scholar TV megastar and even a
sex symbol
his heady mix of religion and
entertainment is often followed by
controversy in his new show he cooks
while men sing Islamic hymns discusses
religion with children in a garden full
of rabbits snakes and goats and then he
has a prices right style bonanza
giveaway
now he's pleased shocked and surprised
people across the country and what's a
TV first for Pakistan giving away a baby
do you think by handing over a child on
live television to a childless couple is
trivializing the issue of abandoned
children and a decision not a dawn here
come now it's a move and I had we've
created a symbol of peace in life that's
our show's theme to spread love I'm
setting an example giving a childless
couple an abandoned child the NGO which
finds and houses up to 15 abandoned
babies a month says it joined forces
with the TV show to raise awareness of
the issue thinking about the hiccup in
America do our team finds babies
abandoned on the street garbage bins
some of them dead others mauled by
animals so why not ensure the baby is
kept alive and gets a good home we
didn't just give the baby away we have
our own vetting procedure this couple
was already registered with us and has
had four or five sessions with us but
the couple didn't know they'd be handed
a two week old baby girl when they were
invited to take part in the show they're
the second couple to be given a baby on
TV adoption isn't officially recognized
in Pakistan and there is no adoption law
but these couples will have to apply for
guardianship at a family court this
wasn't processed before the live
broadcast Armen Liaquat says this isn't
a gimmick to win the fierce Ramadan
ratings war in Pakistan he says another
couple will soon be given an abandoned
baby on the show in the coming days
Saima Mohsin CNN Karachi Pakistan